(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) I'm going to show you how to
do it.
First, you have to make a circle.
And make a circle.
The Rocky Tentacles How
was that?
Take a look at this!
That is the result of your medical examination
the other day.
What's the matter with that?
Your blood pressure is high.
You should be careful of your urination.
Where are you looking at?
Here.
You are only 35 years old.
You are 35 years old.
35 years old.
What?
You are young.
Do you have any secret?
Ha-ha-ha.
Actually, about three months ago, I joined an
athletic club and started building my physical strength.
Athletic club?
That's right.
I was invited by a friend and started
going there.
It's effective.
I won't lose to a young man.
No.
I won't lose to Ryotsu,
either.
By the way, you look good these days.
That's right.
My shoulders are better, too.
What do you think, Terai?
Why don't you join us?
Ha-ha-ha.
But, I don't have enough exercise.
I get tired easily.
Don't worry about that.
First, you should check your physical strength on
a computer and start with the menu that
suits you.
You are doing well.
Good morning, sir.
What do you mean, good morning?
As usual, you don't look well.
Do you think you can work properly?
Don't worry about that.
I have confidence in my physical strength.
I made a plastic model and stayed up
all night.
The night before that, I played two new
games.
The night before that, I had a drink
with my friends.
You idiot!
He seems to have more power in his
voice than usual.
Is this because of his athleticism?
Athleticism?
What do you mean, sir?
Don't call me that.
I haven't eaten anything yet.
You should train your head before you train
your body.
What?
It's not food, senpai.
Athletic club is a club where you
can train your body and play sports for
your health.
With the latest fitness machines and physical fitness
tests by computers, you can scientifically train your
body.
I know.
You make money, don't you?
How stupid.
You pay money to exercise.
You don't understand, do you, Ryo?
It's common sense to spend money for
beauty and health.
In Europe, people who can't quit smoking
and people who are obese are seen as
people who can't even manage their own
bodies, so they can't be elite business
men.
That's right.
Especially people who can't manage themselves at
all should definitely experience it once.
That's why you don't have to
go there.
You have physical strength.
You idiot!
I'm telling you that you need a
scientifically calculated exercise.
I'm sorry, but if you let me
say it, it's like throwing money away.
What did you say?
All right.
Let's see who has more physical strength.
Let's have an athletic match.
A match?
Stop it.
You're so immature.
Are you scared now?
Say it as many times as you want.
What's so funny about using physical strength
for nothing?
You're so stupid.
You're always so talkative.
Well, there's no need to compete.
I can see the result.
I understand.
I'll accept that challenge.
Oh, you're motivated.
I don't care if you regret it.
After all, my physical strength is...
Here.
As proven, I have a body of 35.
However, let me decide the place.
At Kameyari Athletic Square,
from 2 o'clock tomorrow.
All right.
Be prepared, Ryotsu.
What's wrong with you all of a
sudden, Senpai?
Something's suspicious.
No, no.
It's nothing.
Hey, what's this?
Kameyari Athletic Square Open
Commemoration?
A 1 million yen event.
So, this is the event.
I thought it was strange.
I understand, Buu-chan.
What?
I just happened to have a prize money
for athletics.
You don't have to participate.
But, I want the 1 million yen.
I want to be a member of the
Genoron.
Hey, sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh, are you all here?
Yes.
We're here for the event.
I see.
You're a great person.
What's the matter?
What could it be?
Ah, that voice.
Kameyari's original master.
Oh, you guys are here, too?
It's awful to see Ryotsu
in a place like this.
It's true.
We're here, so we should go somewhere
else.
You say what you want to say.
Hey, Ryo-san.
You're here after all.
Ramen shop, model shop, liquor shop.
Ryo-san.
Hurry up and pay the bill.
Don't you have anything else to say?
We don't want to say it either.
If you don't like it, give it
back to us.
Wait.
When I get the prize, I'll give
it back to you.
Prize?
What are you talking about?
Oh, nothing.
Everyone, thank you for coming today.
We're going to have a survival race
to win 1 million yen.
What's that?
Ryo-san, what's going on?
What is it?
I didn't know at all.
You used me.
I can't believe you're
using a poor sport for money.
Well, well, boss.
It doesn't change the game.
Or do you want to admit defeat without
fighting?
No, I'm not going to lose to
you.
Then please enter.
Participants, please change into this inside.
What's this?
What is it?
Isn't it a cockroach?
Then please move here.
Why do I have to dress like this?
I don't want to.
Wow, it's a huge kitchen.
What is this?
Hey, are we going to be cockroaches?
Everyone, welcome to the 10th edition of
the Cockroach Athletics.
In this 120-fold kitchen diorama,
you can see us go through many obstacles.
You could say it's a real cockro
ach experience.
How dare you make something like this?
If you're going to quit, do it
now.
What?
Who said I was going to quit?
It's a game.
The goal is the Anpan on the
stalker in the refrigerator.
The person who reaches this Anpan first
in 30 minutes is the winner.
There are three courses on the floor.
You can choose which course you want to
take.
Please choose your favorite course.
It's best to go from the front.
No, there are too many gaps.
There must be a trick.
Let's go up and down.
Now, let's see what you've got.
Ready.
Start.
This is the best.
I'm going to do my best.
Don't underestimate me, Ryo.
Let's leave it to Ryo.
Yes.
It's hard to climb.
Break through the front.
One more time.
The cockroach-avoidance device
is on the floor.
It's real.
It's so real.
There's no electricity here.
It's dark and I can't see
well.
My tongue is sticky.
What is this?
Oh, no.
Is this...
It's a cockroach.
My tongue is sticky.
It's a cockroach-avoid
ance device.
I'm going to win the prize.
Help me.
Ryo, help me.
Yes.
If you help me, I'll help you.
That's cruel.
I don't care.
Wait.
Help me.
No.
Catch me.
You're late.
Ryo, go ahead.
Damn it.
It seems to disappear every minute.
It disappears the next time it disappears.
One minute.
I can't wait a minute.
I can't believe it.
It's not a human.
Don't push yourself too hard.
Chief, there's a thief.
What?
Where?
I can't cross the castle with my
physical strength alone.
I have to use my brain.
You're tough.
I'll go ahead.
You're dirty.
There's a thief over there.
Chief, there's no fool who can be
caught by the same hand.
There's 10,000 yen over there.
10,000 yen?
What a simple guy.
What do you think, Ryo?
Do something with your proud head.
Damn it.
I'm not going to lose yet.
I wonder how far Ryo and the
others have gone.
I can't pull this.
What?
Ryo is inside the cockroach?
Yes.
It's impossible for Ryo to escape
from there.
If he's not there, there's no
need to panic.
I was a little too excited earlier.
What?
Why are there so many things stuck together?
That's amazing.
He made the impossible possible.
He's as strong as a cockroach.
What a great physical strength.
Chief, the forecast is at a high pace.
At this rate, a considerable number of people
will reach the goal within 30 minutes.
What?
I told you, didn't I?
What are you going to do with the
prize money?
We don't have the money right now.
I can't help it.
I can't believe I'm going to
use this.
I'm too late.
I'm in trouble.
I can't run away.
What's wrong with me?
Did you see the power of the robot
arm?
It's too early to be surprised.
The chopsticks are in the way.
I can't stand this.
But thanks to you, I got the chopsticks
and the spoon.
I can't stand it anymore.
Ryo?
What?
Were you with your friends?
Yes.
They attacked me and I ran away.
But I couldn't get out.
Damn it.
I can't waste a million yen like
this.
All right, let's all jump out at
the same time.
What?
The opponent is a machine.
I can't move fast.
While someone is being sacrificed, the others can
move on.
Interesting.
Listen.
I don't care who gets killed.
Now, go!
While they're being attacked.
I knew it.
You're all cheating.
I'm not cheating.
All right, now.
I won't let you kill me alone.
You're terrible, senpai.
You're in my way.
You're not my opponent.
Come on.
How's that?
You can't beat me directly.
Ryo.
Are you alive, boss?
I won't forgive you.
Damn it.
Wow.
It sticks to the wall and moves on.
It's like a real cockroach.
It's falling apart one
by one.
All right.
Oh, no.
No.
I can't reach that far.
Follow me.
Don't follow me.
You're just imitating me.
You're the one who's imitating
me.
You're a coward.
Senpai, you're done for.
I went all the way.
It's coming out of there.
It's more than a real cockroach.
You're pretty good, boss.
Boss, I have a present for you.
Now I've got a million yen.
There's nowhere to hide from now on.
It's hard to protect the goal.
I can't get close to it.
The goal is right in front of me.
The million yen is mine.
Ryo.
No, boss.
I won't forgive you.
Please calm down.
It's a small one.
What is it?
I found it.
I'm almost at the goal.
I've come this far, and I've
been beaten.
All right, that's it.
It's disgusting.
I'm done.
It's coming.
I can't get down.
I've been crushed.
You've been crushed?
I'm done.
I'm not done yet.
The million yen.
I've got a million yen.
I don't know what you're talking
about.
Now I've got it.
I'm going to be attacked someday.
It's a goal.
Yes.
I flew.
It's disgusting.
I'm going to attack.
I did it.
I got a million yen.
It's a million yen.
Boss, I told you.
It's no use paying money for athletics.
Don't you change your clothes?
I liked it, so I got it as
a souvenir.
I'll live as a cockroach for
the rest of my life.
Ryo, you did it.
Congratulations.
I knew you'd do it.
As promised.
The Kombu family is over there.
Take what you can.
I won't lose to anyone.
I've got a million yen.
It's a million yen.
I did it.
I've got a million yen.
What's this?
What's wrong?
Look at this.
Recently, on this island of dreams, there was
a witness who saw a huge cockroach.
And finally, we, the investigation team, managed to
capture it on camera.
Cockroach?
Please watch the shocking video.
A million yen.
I've got a million yen.
Damn it.
What should I do?
I failed to build the picture
that the boss asked me to.
This is bad.
I'll be in trouble if he finds
out.
I'm sorry.
I have to hide everything.
Next time, I'll recreate the movie, Road
Trip.
Don't miss it.
Even if I stop the clock Time
will pass Don't look away Don't
look away Let's live with a smile
Even if it rains today
Tomorrow will be sunny Bye bye Let's
wave our hands Let's say goodbye to
the bad things Let's live the way
we like Good things will happen The sun
is calling us outside the door